This app is a UofT Student Life Simulator.

Here the three games represent taking 3 courses at UofT. Each game includes 3 levels with a bonus
4th level that represent the assignments required to pass the course/game. The scores calculated for
the first two assignments/levels in the games represent 1.0 GPA point each and the last level
three represents 2.0 GPA points. These GPA points total to give the GPA attained on the entire
course/game. The overall GPA of the student player is the average of the GPA attained in each of the
courses. The bookstore provides the student players with boosters to help improve their performance
on their courses/games. The app result page shows the graduation of the student with their final GPA.
The leaderboard shows the top 5 ranking student players of this Student Life Simulator.

FireBase
We are using the real time database in FireBase to store players' datas including their username,
password, theirs scores at different games and customization details. The reason why we decided to
use Firebase instead of a local database is to allow players to see how different players perform in
the game when they look at the leaderboard. However, throughout the coding process, we found out that
firebase does not support arrays directly. Therefore, we created a StudentData class to handler the
data as well.

Game 1:

Game 2:
The players are required to catch stuff that are falling from the sky. Each level differs from each
other. Level 1 is the easiest level, which students will be catching grades, and there will be no
points reduction. Level 2 requires user to actions that you should do in university, avoid actions
that you should not do and catching grades along side. Catching an action that you should not do in
university will reduce your points. Level 3 has a killing object apart from all other objects mentioned.
Catching a killing object ends the game immediately. Level 4 contains all obejcts in Level 3, but
everything falls at a faster speed.
Players can buy an umbrella in the bookstore to reduce the difficulty of the game. It blocks
point reduction if you caught an action that you should not do in university. It is only available to
Level 2 beyond. For each game, the player can only use once for 10 second. Please be noted that the
umbrella will be gone if you pause and resume the game.

Game 3: Archery Club
The players are required to hit the targets with the given arrow. Each assignment has a different
challenge involved. Level 1 is most basic level wherein the target shifts in a row with varying
speed. Level 2 involves the target moving in different horizontal levels. Level 3 has the target
move diagonally on the screen. The bonus Level 4 has a changing windspeed resulting in the arrow
shifting vertically. The booster for this game is a special arrow that increases the score by 2
points every time it hits the target.
